---
layout: page
title: Joint Cobra and Corey Goode Interview by Rob Potter Part 1
date:  2016-05-13 12:00
author: Ryan Marchand
categories: archive
tags: spiritual
---

**Rob** Okay, ladies and gentleman, as promised, we’re going to get right to the interview now. This is a real important watershed moment for lightworkers. Some of the two largest, I guess we’d call them insiders, revealing what’s going on behind the scenes in the world today have agreed for the sake of unity of their followers and to provide clarity on various points that we’re going to be talking about are going to be answering the same questions and commenting on each other’s questions here. We’re going to go ahead now and begin this interview. I have some questions that have been prepared directly for these gentlemen. And we’re going to start right now.

Corey and Cobra. Despite the fact that certain aspects of your information does not match up with each other, do you both generally agree on the bigger issues such as: Full Disclosure, freedom for the people, release of hidden technology, an end to war and environmental destruction. Corey?

**Corey** Yeah, I think that’s something pretty much anyone can get behind. We’ve all seen the signs of all of these topics not being conspiracies. They’re real. We’ve seen the different political movements. Everyone is tired of the lies. They’re ready. (Cobra?)

**Cobra** Yes, of course, I agree with this, and I have been fighting with this my whole life, and, of course, I would agree and I would support anybody who would be fighting along the same lines.

**Rob** Is there any reason that both of your respective audiences should not cooperate with each other towards Full Disclosure and planetary liberation? Cobra?

**Cobra** I do not see any reason for that. (Corey?)

**Corey** That’s one of the main things that we’re trying to do The Full Disclosure Project. It is to obtain unity in the community. There are so many different ideologies that we can argue about, but the one thing that we can all agree on is that we want Full Disclosure. We want to know the truth. If we put blinders on to all the things we disagree about and focus on what we agree on, we can get a lot accomplished.

**Rob** Wonderful. That’s what the world’s been wanting to hear. Corey, do you know what the Event is as Cobra has described it. (No.) Cobra, would you like to give him a brief synopsis?

**Cobra** Yes, of course. The Event is the moment of the compression breakthrough. The compression breakthrough is when the light forces from above the surface of the planet and from below the surface of the planet meet in the middle that is on the surface of the planet. I hope that we all agree that there are certain factions that support the light and support the liberation that exists inside of the solar system. There are some factions that support the light and the liberation of the planet that are existing below the surface. They’re progressing towards the surface of the planet because the surface of the planet is the main battleground and is the main focus of all this situation that is not just limited to the planet Earth. When this breakthrough happens, this is what we term the Event. The Event is actually many things at the same moment. It is when the light forces take over the mass media and release intel about extraterrestrial involvement, about the crimes of the Cabal, about the advanced technologies, so FULL Disclosure. This is part of it. The other part of it is the mass arrest of the Cabal. The other part of it is financial reset that the Eastern Alliance has been preparing for quite a long time. And, of course, we have been gradually going towards the first contact, which is an actual official contact between the Earth civilization and other positive ET races that exist throughout the galaxy. And the Event is a trigger point which begins that process. That’s the short overview of what the Event is. And, of course, we have the pulse from the galactic central sun. The galactic central sun is a living entity and at times the pulse of energy is according to our global awareness and the level of that awareness and the level of the awakening. And when we have this compression breakthrough, the level of awakening is high enough for humanity to receive that pulse of increased energy from the galactic center.

**Rob** Corey, do you have any intel that confirms Cobra’s information on the Event as he has stated specifically?

**Corey** Much of what he’s said are part of the current negotiations between all of these different alliances, Cabal groups, all of these are things that I’ve heard among things that has been negotiated. Yes, that’s very much a part of the reality of what is going on and is being negotiated. A lot of those things are in flux about what percentage some groups want to put out and all that. When it’s all said and done, they’re not really going to ... They think they have more power about how stuff is going to come out and in what form than they really do.

**Rob** That is really good news for everyone. The next question is for Cobra. Cobra, have you heard as yet any confirmation from your sources to confirm not just the Blue Avians but the Sphere-Being Alliance or the meetings taking place as Corey has described them with the Super Federation of 40, the Anshar Alliance and the various groups as he describes them?

**Cobra** This is actually many questions in one. I can confirm that my sources have confirmed the existence of the so-called spheres. They don’t determine them in that way, but they say there are many gigantic objects in the outer region of the solar system, especially, and also throughout the solar system that are cloaked most of the time. Cloaked not only in the visible part of the spectrum but cloaked in all ranges of electromagnetic radiation so they are not detectable. They are also not detectable for remote viewers. And yes, this is what I can confirm. I can not confirm all the details that Corey has released, and I can not confirm his meetings with different alliances. But I can definitely confirm the existence of the spheres, not in detail, but general information I can confirm.

**Rob** Again, ladies and gentlemen, we have gentlemen who are both having genuine contacts, and it seems these groups are working within their own different parameters. Corey, can you give your opinion? I know there are lots of different people having lots of different types of contacts. Is the reason that some of these genuine people with face to face contact working for the same reason, from your understanding, might not be on the same thread? There’s obviously lots of groups. What is your opinion on that one?

**Corey** There are many different groups working in slightly different ultimate agendas that have the same overall, I guess, agenda, that are working their own segmented little operations and so, you know, they’re not always completely wise to the operations of other groups. They may have been working off a lot of the same intel, but they’re not working off of the same mission statement, if that makes sense. If you mean different, these different beings, you could meet two or three different beings that have different operational modes that they’re in and have different reasons for delivering information to people, even though it’s from the same overall operational goal.

**Rob** Cobra, would you agree or do you have any comments on that?

**Cobra** Yes, I would agree, and I would say that each group has it’s own cultural roots and it’s own strategy. It’s not easy for any of the groups to navigate the situation because there has been so much complexity in the situation and they have to ... Each group has to find their own policy and it’s not always easy. Each group comes from their own perspective and when those perspectives come together there is always a period of getting to know each other – an alignment of intel. It’s a process that takes time, especially inside of this solar system, when there has been so much division and so much suppression of intel. So this is the process I expect to take some time.

**Corey** That’s an important point that Cobra made. You have to develop a rapport with a being to understand their culture, I guess, where they’re coming from, the way they communicate, because all these different beings can communicate in a different manner just like all the different people that you run across in daily life.

**Rob** That’s okay. Like Italians speak in a certain way and communicate ...

**Corey** Not only that, but different personality types and different points of view. People communicate differently and in our daily lives we may misconstrue our normal conversation so, you know, until you get to know a person then you’re going to understand what they trying to communicate to you. You have to develop a rapport with some of these beings before you can fully relate to what they’re communicating to you.

**Rob** Okay, thank you. I usually choose questions that I get repeats on. This is kind of an interesting one. People have sent me links from news reporters from around the world with this same phenomena, kind of like those giant circular sink holes that have been showing up, kind of kept silent. But around the world lots of people have recorded on videos as well as on newscast reports certain cities are hearing certain noises. And the question is, what are the mournful sound of trumpets registered in countries around the world? Cobra first. Do you have intel on what these sounds are. They definitely seem to be real.

**Cobra** Okay. According to my sources, what is happening is there is, I would term it, infrasound, which is just on the threshold of human hearing about 16 Hz and that frequency is harmful for human consciousness, and the Cabal is using scalar devices that transmit infrasound. The infrasound travels not only through physical space, it travels through the etheric space and it travels especially through plasma. By infrasound scalar waves they keep human consciousness locked into a certain vibrational state and people who have good hearing can hear that sound. Some of the people can actually feel that sound within their bodies as a certain vibration, certain suppressive vibrations. It is something that has been actually monitored, measured and documented around the world.

**Rob** To follow up here, some of the sounds are actually reaching to be heard in certain areas. It’s been recorded like for a week, I think, I’m not sure, but somewhere in Utah they’re hearing these sounds, and it’s on the news, so is the technology of the Cabal breaking down, and it’s breaking into the audible spectrum now?

**Cobra** Actually many people can hear that sound. It is not so difficult to hear if you know what to listen to, but people usually just disregard this because they have so many other things to focus on in their lives. As I’ve said again those sounds have been documented; they have been measured. The frequency spectrum has been measured and usually it’s just below the threshold of human hearing, but some people can hear it.

**Rob** Okay. It’s being recorded so a lot of people can hear it. Can you talk about it Corey?

**Corey** This is something I’ve been asked about quite a bit and it depends on the actual incident. This is a sound that is completely audible that you can record. Then it is a mechanical sound. This ... If it’s regional, if it’s just happening right around a little city, a lot of time it’s been exchanging air with the surface with the below ground bases. When it’s heard in wider regions around the planet, the huge trumpet sound and other low frequency sounds, it is similar to sky quakes. It is from incoming, the rise of energetic waves that are coming into the solar system that are interacting with our upper atmosphere.

**Rob** Interesting, thank you very much. We have the two different possibilities on these – a vibrational thing as well as a Cabal infrastructure. Both have agreed there. Here’s another interesting question I have here for both of you. Do either of you have intel on the explosions off the coast of Japan? According to Benjamin Fulford, these were subterranean battles underneath a military base that Ben Fulford said was to prevent WW III. Corey, do you have any intel on that earthquake off of Japan? Was it a small scale nuke or do you have any information on that?

**Corey** Quite a few of the earthquakes that we’re having that are raging between 5.8 and 6.8 are triggered from various different exotic weapons. Part of the intel updates that we’re releasing ... it’s either going to be this evening or tomorrow, David Wilcock is releasing it for me on his website www.divinecosmos.com. It has to do with some terrible battles that have been going on in underground bases and caverns, especially down in South America and under the ocean around Antarctica. There’s been a lot of activity going on underground and a lot of different exotic weapons including fifth-gen nukes being used – all these different exotic scalar weapons – and it’s pretty hectic right now. Yeah, there’s a lot going on.

**Rob** With that said, could you give us a little more info? Is this between different ET groups or is this between certain aspects of the positive military or negative military from your understanding, or all three?

**Corey** All of the above, and here is one of the latest bits of intel from Gonzales recently. I’ve been hearing for weeks about massive reports of different types of orb kind of UFO’s over Australia. Some would say they’re metallic. Some reported they had portals going around them. Some recording that they were of Russian origin and then there were reports of these very large pumpkin seed shape cruisers which are Draco. It’s in Australia, Antarctica and then some of them had actually left the Earth’s atmosphere before all of these unknown dark chevron ships showed up and started attacking them, and as of the last meeting, it’s postulated that it’s some Earth Alliance group that has attained this technology, but they’re not claiming responsibility for using it.

**Rob** Okay, so you’re saying that Draco’s were trying to leave from Antarctica in pumpkin (seed) shaped ships and chevron ships, which are rumored to be Earth Alliance ships, are the ones putting them back down. It’s not a major confederation. Is that correct?

**Corey** Correct, and for months we had been observing Cabal/Nazi groups headed down to Brazil and Argentina, and they’ve been heading into their underground bunkers like ants into the ground, and they have been shuffling a lot of their assets and people down to Antarctica. So these people, we believe, were on these cruisers trying to get off the planet before something happens. Things seem to be reaching a crescendo of sorts, especially in the Earth Alliance with the Earth negotiations and what’s going on in the background.

**Rob** Thank you. Cobra, we kind of went into other information but can you confirm the Japan information that Corey says is correct and these other things or part of this intel? Can you comment on that please?

**Cobra** Okay. What I have received from my sources is, yes, there are battles in, I would say, shallow underground bases in Japan. Mostly conventional weapons were used that triggered some of the earthquakes, but not all earthquakes were triggered by that. There is also an increased activity of the tectonic plates which react on increased activity from the galactic central sun. The other thing that I can confirm is that there is a lot of movement of the Cabal groups. They want to escape through two routes towards Antarctica. One route goes from Texas through Mexico then to South America, mostly Brazil and Argentina, and towards Antarctica. The other one goes through New Zealand and Tasmania towards Antarctica. They want to escape because they think they will not be found there. Actually, some of them tried and attempted to escape from the planet, and according to one source, the group that Corey terms the Dark Fleet, the Nazi breakaway faction from of a long time ago, attempted to contact the Nazi faction in Antarctica and create a bridge that would transport some of the personal from Antarctica to the outer edge of the solar system towards the Kupier Belt. And that intel is not confirmed, so I can not 100% guarantee that, but this is what I’ve heard from one of the sources.

**Rob** Okay. Thank you. Have either of you heard there was an ancient Pleiadian civilization in South America that was in a rain forest situation due to Earth shifts that no longer exists? But a long time ago there was a very deep underground, and still exists to this day, a technology that is stabilizing the planet. Have either of you heard of that deep underground Antarctica technology base from the Pleiadians?

**Corey** Not from the Pleiadian’s you mentioned, but ... Yeah, I’ve spoken in detail about a lot of this ancient type technology that’s been put in various parts of the Earth underground, including Antarctica, and some of it had been removed and it has caused problems with our tectonic plates and weather and other things, and they had traded and given away that technology, and it caused imbalance.

**Rob** I’d like a clarity from Corey. Do you know who put the technology there originally?

**Corey** It’s unknown. It’s extremely ancient. If I looked at the footnotes of the report, there was about three different postulations or theories about who could have put it there.

**Rob** Thank you. Cobra, do you ave any information?

**Cobra** Actually, we need to go a little bit back into the history of Atlantis. Atlantis on planet Earth was pretty much a global civilization which was seeded or encouraged by different waves of different cosmic races. There was a Pleiadian wave which has brought Atlantis to its heights about 200,000 years ago and there was colonization from the Sirius star system that created the peak of Atlantean civilization about 75,000 years ago. And each of those races have brought a lot of technology and a lot of spiritual understanding to Atlantis and each of those races that I have mentioned have created their own network of surface cities, of subsurface cities, of tunnel networks, of underground pyramids, of crystals, of stabilization technology for the tectonic plates. But unfortunately there was another faction that came from Orion which infiltrated those networks of Atlantis and misused the technology and the misuse of that technology actually was responsible for the deluge of Atlantis for the last sinking of Atlantis which happened around 11,500 years ago. A lot of that old technology is still spread (out). Some of it is submerged on the bottom of the ocean. Some of it is a little bit underground. Some of it has been purposely destroyed or suppressed. But a lot of those machines and technologies and crystals are still remaining, and some of the underground factions have discovered these old remnants, and a lot of this will be coming to the mainstream media at the time of the Event.

**Corey** That’s much newer technology, that’s not the oldest technology in stones, subterranean.

**Rob** So there’s much more ancient technology. I’ve heard that as well.

**Corey** Yes, many hundreds of millions of years old.

**Rob** Thank you for that. Yes, let’s see, this is kind of another question that ’s come up. Simon Parkes has indicated that he has heard that this was a battle. This is a little closer to home and we don’t know for sure because the people that filmed it. There were several groups. It was Area 51 that had a large amount of smoke and it didn’t look like a brush fire because it kind of came from one source. Do either of you have intel on that giant smoke cloud that was reported at Area 51? Was this underground base engaged in one of these battles or was this a brush fire? Do either of you have intel?

**Corey** They had a large problem of getting rid of nuclear material from all their testing, and they’ve been openly burning nuclear material and it’s gotten away from them several several times out there. This is something that’s happened before.

**Cobra** According to my sources it was just a brush fire.

**Corey** Yea. They have been burning and releasing some things that get out of control and the whole area catches on fire. It’s happened several times. They end of shutting off radiation detectors in areas where the wind carries it. This is something that’s gone on several times.

**Rob** Interesting. Both can be correct here. Cobra says it’s a brush fire. Corey ...

**Corey** It was a brush fire. It was a brush fire. It turned into a major brush fire.

**Rob** Caused from burning. That’s just madness. These guys are really crazy there. Thank you for that. So we have here the question for both of you, and I guess, Corey, since you’re kind of new to the Event information, the general theme of what you’ve heard from your various sources is pretty intent on the liberation. The question is: as the global situation is improving on the planet, even if it seems to be slow, do we really need an Event or a watershed moment in order to continue to improve the situation like what is already happening in the last years? Could it just be a slow momentum or do you both believe like I believe that it’s going to require an Ah-ha moment and an epiphany and revelation through mainstream media with a great focus of the world to create the Event?

**Corey** Yeah. It’s going to absolutely require a catalyzing event for everyone to be jerked awake. If we’re going to slowly expect everyone to trickle into this new reality of understanding about all these suppressed technologies, let alone all this other stuff that Cobra and I talk about, we’re going to be waiting millennia. So there’s going to be outside sources that are doing all they can, but we have a part to play in this scenario – every single one of us. Not one person is too small to take a part and to make a difference and we all ... They’re waiting for us to stand up and take our part in this. None of us can say that we don’t have any skin in the game. So as each of us contributes and puts our differences aside and starts to work with Full Disclosure to get the information out there to the general public, then the 100th monkey effect can occur. As more and more of them learn this information, you know, it’s going to become more acceptable and people are going to start asking the questions we want them to ask. When that catalyzing Event occurs, then they’re not going to be as much in shock as they would prior.

**Rob** Very good. Cobra, we know ... you obviously feel that there is going to be a watershed moment. We call it the Event. Would you like to comment please?

**Cobra** Yes, of course. I would just give an explanation. It’s a process called phase transition. Phase transition is a process in physics that happens also in societies. So when you put a certain amount of energy into a society, it begins to behave like water that is boiling. So what we’re experiencing now is this boiling water. It is all this dissent in human society, all of this questioning, seeking. All of this restlessness in human society is a reflection of this cosmic change. When a certain amount of energy is brought into that system, the water begins to boil. It begins to change into vapor, and this is what is happening with human society. It is going through a phase transition. The moment of the phase transition is the Event. It is a sudden change, which can be felt before hand a little bit. It can be expected, but when it really happens, it’s a sudden transition. It’s a quantum leap. And this is the way transitions happen in nature. They don’t happen gradually. Phase transitions happen suddenly and this is what is going to occur because we simply do not have time. We do not have millennia to wait. We are actually responding to cosmic forces that are triggering this transition. They are guiding us through this transition so it can happen as fast as possible, as harmoniously as possible. The human race is known for taking one part of this transition, but it is a global cosmic Event and each of us, of course, plays a role in this Event.

**Rob** Thank you. And I would add that for those of you who are familiar with ... if you want to look at cymatic shift, you can see a plate of metal that is vibrated with sound, and you can see the sand is in a chaos mode and then it moves and when a certain frequency is established, the sand moves into a specific pattern, and we are going through this chaos position very shortly to re-establish a new pattern. Corey, are there specific plans that you know of for the Sphere-Being Alliance specifically to become allies openly with the Earth’s surface population at some future date?

**Corey** No, not that I know of. What has been communicated to me is that they will remain in the background. As the outer barrier and these different spheres slowly are faded out or transitioned out as this cosmic energy comes in then, they will be no longer be needed here and we don’t need them. We’ll be in a different state ourselves.

**Rob** So it seems that some of them we will never meet. Cobra, you speak of the Resistance Movement (RM) and we know that they are definitely involved on the surface of the planet. I personally feel that there are many other beings that are here on the planet that have been here a long time. Some come and go and some are lifetime Earth members now. Can you talk about the plans for the RM? You’ve mentioned this before, so from your group they do have plans to communicate with the surface population? Can you share with our listeners what those plans are? Many want to sign up. That’s really not the way, is it? Can you talk about that contact that will take place in the future Cobra?

**Cobra** Yes, it is not safe now for that contact to happen, but after the Event the contact will happen. The RM will make physical contact with people who are, I would say, the most awake and aware individuals. This will be the first interaction that will happen and based upon how this goes they will gradually begin to reveal themselves to the surface population. They are not the main group to interact with the surface population. The main group will be the Pleiadians, and later the Sirians and the Arcturians, and I would say the other positive galactic races from our galactic neighborhood. The RM’s role is to tactically support the Event to make sure that the infrastructure is running, that we have electricity, Internet, food distribution chain. They will support the positive military in their operations. They will support the media that releases intel. There will not be so much face-to-face interaction with the surface population, at least not in the initial stage. At a certain point after the Event, they will have guided tours for certain surface people – a guided tour of their underground dwellings. They will show one part of this to the surface population. And for those who would like to join and be integrated, it will be possible if certain conditions are met.

**Rob** Corey, do you have any comments on Cobra’s questions – answers, I mean?

**Corey** It’s going to be part of the intel that we’re releasing. Kaaree, from the Anshar, had requested after she had had the meeting out in the Kupier Belt, she had requested a meeting with the Super Federation, and the purpose of this meeting was all of the groups that are here, just not long after the time of Mohammad, had signed this accord or agreement about open contact or appearing openly to humanity. It was to allow us to develop on our own, and they agreed do things from the background, you know, and contact people kind of secretly. I don’t know all the details of this accord, but it’s pretty binding and it came after some pretty major skirmished they had. This is something that they want to revisit and make some amendments to because some of these Inner Earth groups want to start making more appearances on the surface, and this is a meeting that has been granted, and they’re going to be coming up very soon.

**Rob** Cobra, do you have any comments on Corey’s intel there?

**Cobra** Yes, there have been agreements made, but the purpose of those agreements was ... The real reason why the surface population was not contacted is because the dark ones have controlled and isolated the surface population. There were many positive groups that wanted and would like to contact the surface population, but they couldn’t because it was simply too dangerous because the Cabal would retaliate. There were some instances when the surface population was contacted and there were consequences.

**Corey** The Dracos and other negative groups have signed this accord as well. This will be one of the trickiest parts. This next meeting will not only have representatives from the Super Federation, but it will have representatives from some of the negative groups there as well, which is going to be a type of meeting that has not happened since the accords were set up and signed.

**Cobra** Yes, but the Dracos never negotiated. They just want to have their own ways.

**Corey** Yes, I’ve seen them negotiate quite a bit, but they negotiate out of the side of their mouth.

**Rob** So this is a question for Corey, and this has been something that I’ve had questions about. You mentioned the Anshar Alliance as if they are the only Agarthan network and they seem to be, have been negative, and you have indicated in one of your later, not the last, but one of your later posts that they were taken to the Kupier Belt and scolded by the Triangle Head Being and you have stated that four of them have agreed that their chiding was deserved and they have agreed to go into a more positive relationship with humanity and that three of them reversed. You have told me that the Omegans were one of them. Are these the only ...

**Corey** We need to get this straight. You keep putting the negative stamp where it doesn’t belong. It’s a point of view thing. (Okay) These groups aren’t negative. They are in a hostile land trying to survive, but at the same time they’re delivering positive information to people albeit in a deceptive way. From their point of view, you have to understand they are trying to protect themselves from people from the surface that have the ability to attack them and kill them. So they’re living in a very ... Things are not as cut and dry as a lot of people would like to say in the Ufology community. It’s a very wild paradigm that they are living in that all these groups are living in. They have a very strange political environment that they are trying to survive in as well – especially the ones who have their embassies here or spend all of their time in the solar system. Because as Cobra said, this solar system is a very dangerous place. (Right.) Not only are these dark entities very dangerous, but us as a people in the state we’re in, we’re very dangerous as well.

**Rob** I understand that. We do have a bellicose and a violent nature. I was speaking especially about the Omegans. The chemtrail planes actually have the Omegan symbol on them, so I consider them hostile. You may consider ...

**Corey** That might not be related to them directly. Just because there were groups down there that had a Swastika, they’re not directly related to the Nazi’s or the Nazi ideology. So symbols can be taken and repurposed. You know, you can’t just see a symbol and immediately jump to conclusions without intelligence to back it up.

**Rob** I would agree. Cobra, what is your view on that situation? Can you describe the underground landscape? Do you know anything? Would you consider the Inner Earth Alliance used to be hostile or can you delineate the different underground Agarthan Network groups for us, from your position?

**Cobra** The situation underground is very dynamic and is changing all the time, but I would say I am in contact with certain of the factions, not with all of the factions, and apparently there are more different factions down there than we all know. But the RM, for example, has never claimed they are Pleiadians or representing themselves to any part of the surface population claiming that they are gods to be worshiped, nor have any other factions that I know of that form the global Agarthan Network or the Eastern Agarthan factions. Currently, there is process of unification taking place. There is a lot of contact, a lot of negotiation, between various factions and a lot of mistrust. Part of this mistrust comes from manipulation of the Chimera group of one of the factions against the others and cooperation between the Chimera group and the various subterranean Draco factions coming from 1930’s and 1940’s and the Nazi groups on the surface. So there was a lot of mistrust created at that time and a lot of healing still needs to happen. Also, I would say mostly the Eastern Agarthan factions have a similar perspective than the surface population Eastern philosophies would have had on life. And this is quite much different than what the Western people have – the Western outlook of life. So what is happening on the surface is actually a reflection of what is happening below ground. There has been communication established between those various groups and the healing is taking place. But again, this takes time. This is slow because they have millennia upon millennia of history that needs to be solved, resolved and healed. So ... But I can say from my perspective, I have never heard of a group that belongs to a subsurface faction that claims to be either Pleiadian or Savior Gods or anything of that nature.

**Rob** Okay, guys, so I have a question because I live in Mt. Shasta. It’s near and dear to my heart. It’s always been considered a bastion of the light forces from Lemuria. First, I guess I’d like to have Corey respond. This group is not part of the Anshar Alliance is it? Do you have any intelligence on the Inner Earth Agarthan civilization under Mt. Shasta?

**Corey** I have received some information about the groups that are not only under Mt Shasta but around the region going for quite a ways up into Oregon and Washington. And they are definitely a very positive group and they are a part of a network as well, but I am not in contact with them.

**Rob** Thank you. Cobra, could you comment on the Mt. Shasta group? My South American contactee, Luis, and several others, have indicated that there is a strong network that goes from Mt. Shasta all the way down to Central, through Central and South America, of a very positive nature. Can you comment on your knowledge of this group, Cobra?

**Cobra** The group below Mt. Shasta and inside Mt Shasta is part of the, I would say, global Agarthan network which originates from the time of Atlantis when part of the light forces had to go underground because of the Archon invasion 25,000 years ago. And 25,000 years ago they created a network of underground cities and underground tunnels. One main tunnel goes from Alaska, through Washington State, through Northern California with Mt Shasta, through Southern California, through Mexico, Central America and down into South America. And there is another main tunnel which goes from Peru underground through the Caribbean, through the Atlantic, through Morocco, through Egypt and then onwards towards Tibet. This is all part of the same network, and there was a very, and there still is, a very positive civilization of light which I would call the global Agarthan network existing, and Mt. Shasta city is a part of this civilization. The surface population has received intel about this group through certain channels. Certain people that lived in Mt. Shasta have had encounters. I would say about 80% of that intel is correct. I would not say they are ancient Lemurians. I would say they are remnants of the old positive Atlantis.

**Rob** Atlantis did have a science station here on Maui. The point is that they are being positive. Cobra, have you heard anything about the Anshar Alliance group underground, specifically the ones that Corey has talked about? He has mentioned ... I don’t know if you saw his report. One is with this woman named Kaaree, the Omegans and some others. Have you heard about this Anshar Alliance specifically? Are you familiar with this group of seven?

**Corey** The Anshar Alliance is only three. (Oh, three.) The ones that wear the Saturn symbol.

**Rob** The Saturn symbol. Have you heard about this group Cobra?

**Cobra** I have read Corey’s report. I have not heard about this group from any of my sources, but I know that Sheldon Nidle has mentioned the truce of Anchara back in 1995.

**Rob** Okay. Thank you. Cobra, can you speak about your knowledge of the Halls of Amenti and the Akashic records as Corey has described them as kind of like an Earth-based library on the outer and then I guess the main records? Corey, you can correct me on this? Was it behind the ... Was this crystal that they were trying to grow. Is that correct Corey?

**Corey** Yes, and that’s a living technology that has a lot of records in it and that technology can tap into the Akashic records. I don’t know exactly what you’re referring to, but I’ve heard it referred to it in a couple of different ways. It’s definitely a major historical database that is very important to them.

**Rob** Just for your clarification, Corey, Akashic records is the mineral kingdom which stores all information that’s ever taken place on the planet. It’s kind of like a living memory that can be updated ...

**Corey** I’ve heard it is also used ... that it has all the ... everything that’s ever happened in the Cosmos.

**Rob** Yes, yes, I would say that ... Cobra, could you talk about the Akashic records and the Halls of Amenti? Kind of play it off of what Corey talked about with his group.

**Cobra** OK, the Akashic records are a natural imprint of any event in the etheric matrix, in the etheric structure, substructure of matter itself. With proper technology you can always read what is stored, that informational imprint. So light forces and most of the advanced races have technology to read that record directly from the etheric substance. Crystals, physical crystals can store that information quite effectively. I would say physical crystals are more and more advanced versions of our current hard disc for computer. They can store more information, more dimensionally and more effectively. Basically Akashic records can be accessed directly from the etheric plane with certain technology, and for more involved beings, they can access the Akashic records directly with their consciousness.

**Rob** Thank you. Can you speak about the Halls of Amenti? These were spoken of in the Emerald tablets found in the temple of the Moon in Central America and they’re recording a person from Egypt named Thoth. The Halls of Amenti were kind of indicated as being below Egypt. Cobra, can you speak about the Halls of Amenti and are there multiple ones possibly that Corey was speaking about?

**Cobra** Okay. Each city of light had their own records, and particularly for the Egypt plateau there were crystals, crystal records of the past beneath the Sphinx. And the RM have accessed those crystals back in 1999 before the Cabal could get them.

**Corey** I heard they were removed.

**Rob** Cobra and Corey, you have both mentioned we have a tremendous power of manifestation that the Cabal doesn’t want us to learn about. They even use techniques like programming, scalar plasma waves, mind-controlled imaging, that has us working against ourselves. If our group focus and the collective consciousness is the most influential factor to speed up liberation, shouldn’t we as a group, try to encourage the entire lightworker community to come together and to meditate and pray for a common goal? Would you both agree?

**Corey** Absolutely. That’s one of the things that has been talked about in our Full Disclosure Project group. July 8th is Disclosure Day, and we’ve been planning to launch an ad campaign and all kinds of other stuff to promote Disclosure. So yeah, that’s a good time to do other things.

**Rob** Cobra, would you agree?

**Cobra** Yes, of course. I would agree that mass meditation is the one single most influential factor that the surface population can contribute to the breakthrough. July 8th is Disclosure Day and is one opportunity to unite diverse groups to a common goal and to focus our attention to that particular point in space and time to get closer to the breakthrough.

**Rob** Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, a lot of you have been asking for this type of unity. Cobra already has a weekly meditation. I actually spoke to these gentlemen before and the suggestion I had was ... let’s make this a unified, worldwide meditation as a common goal for Full Disclosure and planetary peace. So you’ve heard it right here. Both of these gentlemen are not going to be the only ones. But they are lending their support to coincide with Corey’s Full Disclosure Project, which is the same as Cobra’s. It’s not a name thing, it’s about planetary liberation. So you lightworkers that are out there creating banners and information and video and media, we would like you to ... July 8 Full Disclosure Day, planetary world peace. This is the emphasis to bring people to the awareness any way you can, through videos to help support this so the world, at least the social media groups that are following us, can grow to clear awareness of what Full Disclosure is into the mainstream media to insert ourselves into the conversation and get people’s awareness of what’s going on So that’s a done deal. Now, folks, it’s up to you. You can focus through PFC. They’re going to pick this up and I’m sure Corey’s Full Disclosure Project is already working on this day, but we’re adding world meditation and peace day. That’s a done deal.

**Cobra** I would suggest that other groups that are following or attempting to assist in the liberation process also support this. David Wilcock would support this. Other people could support this. We all need to see and manifest more of this support. It doesn’t matter if it’s my meditation or somebody else’s meditation. What matters is there’s a focus and common goal at a certain moment in space and time. This is what brings results.

**Rob** Thank you. That’s exactly what we’re ...

**Corey** Focus on the unity. If all of us can work together like this and cross-promote each other’s programs like this, and partake of them together and we’re going to make a difference.

**Rob** Very good. Both of you, Cobra and PFC, Untwine, has started this kind of network group that’s, of course, maybe you could combine with Full Disclosure group and you two can get together on their own. We’re coming towards the end of this first hour. We’re going to have Part 2 here coming out. Cobra, I’d like you to share your website, your blog, where you’re appearing and to let Corey’s people know about your information and to check you out. Some people will be listening to you for the first time. The same goes for you people who have been listening to Cobra. This is a chance for you to connect with Corey. We’re going to get all their websites coming up. Cobra, share whatever you think is important for people to know and to follow you and to keep in touch.

**Cobra** If you go to Google, you can just Google: Cobra, Portal 2012 and you will find my blog. There is a vast treasury of information there: http://2012portal.blogspot.com

**Rob** We do have some, I guess you’re calling them Ascension conferences coming up. Are you ready to release any more future dates for people to hear that they can look forward to meeting you and hearing about this?

**Cobra** Yes. We will have an Ascension conference in the beginning of June in Greece, and, of course, everybody’s welcome to participate: http://portal2012.org/Greece.html

**Rob** OK. And there may be more released later. Corey, could you please share your websites, your Disclosure Projects, gaia.com. Folks, you can support both of these gentlemen through their websites. Corey?

**Corey** Yes, my main website is http://www.spherebeingalliance.com. That’s where you can find most of my articles. The newest site is http://fulldisclosureproject.org and that’s the new site where we’re going to do a lot of the unity-in-the-community kind of events, and also working together with other groups. We’re already starting to work with Steven Greer’s group to help support his new movie “Unacknowledged’ and start working together with a lot of other groups. If you like to watch the show David Wilcock and I do together “Cosmic Disclosure”, you can watch some free episodes and sign up at www.blueavians.com http://www.gaia.com/show/cosmic-disclosure?cid=aff:amb:sh:goode:s024

**Rob** That’s wonderful. Gentlemen, it’s been really wonderful having you both on here for this first show. I hope people ...

**Corey** Don’t you have a conference coming up?

**Rob** Thanks for reminding me, Corey. My site www.thepromiserevealed.com. I have announced we are having a summer conference coming up. Corey Goode is going to be presenting for two days. Michael Salla is going to be there. Laura Eisenhower, myself and we’re announcing ... I’m making time in the middle of the day a little longer than my normal conferences, folks, for those of you who’ve been there. For those of you involved who have been signed up and Corey’s team, Corey and Laura will be joining Michael and myself. There will be some discussions on the Full Disclosure to get those people who are working on the projects ready to coordinate and to meet. Those of you on the Full Disclosure teams, we’d like you to come and to meet the weekend Corey may be making some suggestions in how we’re going to work together. It’s going to be a great time. That’s all on my website, folks,  and on Corey’s website soon as we’ve given them marketing materials. Tickets are actually selling quite well. That’s the summer conference in Mt. Shasta Aug 26, 27 and 28th. Check that out, and thank you both very much.

Victory to the Light.
